## 1. Experience

### 1.1 Cornell University

Graduate Teaching Assistant for Course INFO 4950/5940: Applied Machine Learning: Methods and applications.

### 1.2 NextTier

• Implemented distributed sessions to synchronize login states across distributed servers by using Redis. Enabled single field modification by using Hash instead of JSON to store user information, reducing memory by 20%.
• Worked closely with frontend teams to reduce API response time by 95% by caching user information in Redis and ensuring data integrity with custom Redis serializers.
• Implemented scheduled cache warming with Spring Scheduler, improving initial access speed by 97.7%.
• Led efforts to improve database write operations by using custom thread pools with CompletableFuture con-currency, reducing import time for 1 million rows from 300 seconds to 54 seconds.
• Introduced friend similarity matching function using the edit distance algorithm. Led a team of 3 engineers to optimize matching speed from 34 seconds to 7 seconds through memory optimizations, selective data retrieval, and caching strategies, inspired by large-scale systems.
• Collaborated with cross-functional teams to enhance concurrency control by Redisson distributed locks to prevent duplicate team joining and exceeding team capacity, ensuring mutual exclusion and API idempotency.

### 1.3 Eth Technology

• Coordinated with senior engineers to develop a streaming microservice capable of processing over 1000 events concurrently, using Kafka and Spring Boot to ensure efficient and scalable event handling.
• Consulted with the product team to design and build REST APIs for event consumption and publication to Kafka topics, implementing Kafka Consumer and Producer patterns.
• Implemented unit tests and integration tests using JUnit and Embedded Kafka, achieving 90% code cover-age; Conducted end-to-end testing for different scenarios of data-streaming APIs using Postman; Implemented concurrency testing & automatic load testing process using Jmeter.
• Integrated Spring JPA and utilized H2 database to store events metadata.

## 2. Project

### 2.1 Asynchronous Processing Framework: AaronFlow

• Implemented distributed sessions to synchronize login states across distributed servers by using Redis. Enabled single field modification by using Hash instead of JSON to store user information, reducing memory by 20%.
• Worked closely with frontend teams to reduce API response time by 95% by caching user information in Redis and ensuring data integrity with custom Redis serializers.
• Implemented scheduled cache warming with Spring Scheduler, improving initial access speed by 97.7%.
• Led efforts to improve database write operations by using custom thread pools with CompletableFuture con-currency, reducing import time for 1 million rows from 300 seconds to 54 seconds.
• Introduced friend similarity matching function using the edit distance algorithm. Led a team of 3 engineers to optimize matching speed from 34 seconds to 7 seconds through memory optimizations, selective data retrieval, and caching strategies, inspired by large-scale systems.
• Collaborated with cross-functional teams to enhance concurrency control by Redisson distributed locks to pre-vent duplicate team joining and exceeding team capacity, ensuring mutual exclusion and API idempotency.

### 2.2 Scalable Microservices with Spring Cloud and Google Cloud Platform 

• Migrated the application’s database from an embedded HSQL to Cloud SQL (MySQL), and then to Spanner, ensuring higher scalability and reliability through managed cloud infrastructure.
• Implemented asynchronous message processing using Google Pub/Sub and Spring Integration, utilizing a message gateway interface to decouple the messaging system.
• Containerized and deployed microservices to Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) using Docker and Kubernetes for automated scaling, load balancing, and high availability.

### 2.3 Machine Learning to Analyze 3D Microscopy Images

• Collaborated with cross-functional team to develop and fine-tune an ensemble of five UNet-based deep learning models to segment IMPDH2 structures in 3D microscopy images, achieving an average Dice score of 0.81.
• Designed and implemented robust pre-processing pipelines to handle domain shifts using automatic scaling and normalization, improving average Dice scores by 258%, from 0.279 to 0.72, across various conditions.
• Developed a Qt-based desktop application with multi-threaded processing and replaceable weights files, resulting in a 6000% increase in efficiency compared to manual segmentation methods.
• This project was awarded the Edgar Walford Marchant Prize, and the research paper based on this project will be published in the BMC Bioinformatics journal.

### 2.4 American Express Sponsored : Customer-Service-Query Machine Learning Misclassification Detection

• Collaborated with cross-functional teams to develop a method to detect BERT’s prediction errors over financial dataset by applying Louvain and HDBSCAN clustering.
• Developed a method to identify BERT’s misclassification patterns by categorizing mislabels into topics, and analyzed BERT’s internal activations using Captum to visualize attention score and uncover error-prone areas.
• Led a team to adjust the model’s architecture, introducing a Specialized Attention Layer and applying Weighted Loss for error-prone classes, resulting in a 13% improvement in model accuracy.