**Situation:**
During my final year project, I was tasked with developing a machine learning solution to analyze 3D microscope images. The goal was to save scientists from several hours of manual classification, which can significantly increased their efficiency. After efforts, I successfully built, trained, and demonstrated the model's ability to meet the project's goal.

**Challenge:**
It was at a final presentation. As I was introducing the project, one client remarked that this work did not meet his expectations because he thought it should be an App. He believed that current deliverable haven't meet the goal yet, which made me feel nervous and a little bit embarrassed actually, especially in front of the audience. But I quickly realized that the client may not be familiar enough with the GOAL of the project. 

**Action:**
To address the situation, 

1. **Customer Obsession & Earn Trust:**
   I didn't point out his misunderstanding. Instead, I tried to stay calm and patiently explained that due to time constraints, this presentation was mainly focus on the ML workflow and its core principles. But if time permit, I would like to share the basic usage process, and he agreed.
2. **Ownership & Bias for Action:**
   - After the presentation, I made a discussion with the client and clarified that our contract required the delivery of a working ML model—not a developed application. 
   - After listening his understanding of ML method, which he thought was similar to his software used in lab, I took full responsibility for any miscommunication and also I offered a solution: if a complete software was needed, I would like to initiate a follow-up project to develop an application. Before that, I would automated the deployment with script and made a user manual for him for easy deployment and usage.

**Result:**
The client appreciated the my explanation and advice. He also understood the difference between ML method and Software and even apologized for the initial misunderstanding. Recognizing the potential of my work, we launched a new project that eventually led to a publication in BMC Biology and won an award. This experience also taught me the importance of clear communication and being patient and calm when interacting with the customer under critical situation.

加一个Lesson Learnt

