Hi, I am Yuhan,  recently graduated with a Master’s degree in Information Science from Cornell University, where I focus on backend software development, and machine learning. I was also the teaching assistant there. Before that, I earned the First Class Honors, Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science and Electronic Engineering, and won the Edgar Marchant Prize from the University of Liverpool in England.  Moreover, I got two papers decided. One was by the Conference and the other one was by the one of the top science journal as the second author.

After discovering my great interest in Software, I practiced a lot and gained hands-on experience in developing skills like Java and Spring Boot framework, Database like MySQL and Redis, Development tools like Docker, Git and also the front-end skill. Apart from that, I've completed several personal or team projects, and the works included building scalable system, RESTful APIs, and Optimizations. These experience also improved my collaboration and communication skills and adaptability. 



Amazon is one of the biggest tech companies, and its scale is truly massive. Joining Amazon means my work could impact millions of customers worldwide, which is incredibly exciting and motivating because my effort is meaningful.

I’m also drawn to Amazon’s Leadership Principles, especially **Customer Obsession**. I chose SDE as my career because, during my studies, I realized that many of my projects were interesting and had potential to help others, but finally they needed a software as a bridge to serve people. This made me want to become an SDE to help create robust and easy-to-use software that let more people can make an impact. I believe this aligns with **Customer Obsession**.

I very like this Leadership culture because it guides me on how to grow and become as a leader in the tech industry. In such an innovative environment, I believe I can get great personal and career growth.
