其实就是，任务我都会干！我来牺牲！

## Positive

1. Tell me about a time you made a **bold and difficult** decision. (Year3项目，嵌入式项目遭遇了订单缺货，我们原定的项目完成到了一半，不得不放弃对硬件强依赖，决定从算法+硬件融合入手)

   **S**：During my second year of undergraduate studies, my team and I worked on a project to develop a wearable navigation tool that used vibrations to indicate directions. Our goal was to assist people with disabilities in navigating independently.

   **T**：We had successfully designed the circuit and completed most of the development. All that remained was integrating several critical components we had ordered. However, due to the pandemic, there was a **severe shortage of devices** in the UK, and delivery issues arose. We received a notification from the manufacturer that the **components would not arrive in time** for our final presentation.
   
   **A**：We were really worried about that we might not complete the project. Because I knew the importance and potential impact of our work, I decided to **find an alternative solution**. I checked the components we had right know, searched the lab for any usable devices, and reviewed our existing code.
   
   I realized that we could solve the problem of **high reliance on the unavailable components**. Instead, we could integrate multiple existing sensors' function and introduced new algorithm to improve accuracy. This was a tough decision because it required us to **redesign the circuit** and **discard much of the code** we had already developed. 
   So I presented this plan to my team. After discussing pros & cons, I gained their support, and we started working on it though this plan is **challenging**.
   
   **R**：This decision proved to be successful. We combined the algorithm and limited devices to finsih this project. Also, we introduced more new features in it. After the final presentation, our project won the 2nd highest grades among all projects that year.
   More importantly, I understand **how important the adaptability** is in the real-world development;

## Negative

