AX want to improve the accuracy of their customer service AI. We worked with another 2 teams to learn the model, literature review; analyze, clean, the dataset, and improve the performance of the model (BERT).

## 1. Cross-functional Team

#### 1. HDBScan, Louvain, LSTM

-- So after learning the models and finish literature review, we pick three methods to analyze the dataset. HDBScan and Louvain is **non-supervised** method, to classify the dataset into clusters. 
-- (Louvain是因为更好的recongnize **community**, HDBScan是因为dataset is **inbalanced**, HDBScan is better when dealing with thest type of dataset.)
-- (LSTM则是从另外一个角度，去分析数据集。To be specific, LSTM will analyze the model's judgement towards dataset during training, to analyze the **trend**)

#### 2. Visualize attention score

-- After successfully targeting and cleaning the mislabeled item. We wanted to **see the improvment** of model. American Express's model is like a **complicated BERT**, so we **pick the normal BERT** to test.
-- After testing and comparing result, though we clean the dataset, the improvement seems **not so great**. So we **looked into this** to see what happened. 
-- We use **Captum** to see the attention score for each data, to check if there is any trend or pattern in it. If so, there maybe something wrong.

#### 3. Improved by 13%

-- After finding the that error-prone patterns / type of dataset. We need to solve this problem. Because we only had limited time, we cannot perform a complicated optimization. (我们thought this maybe caused by BERT Model's structure to increase its discriminative ability, but it really took time to alter it and hard to examine the success)
-- After discussion and researching, we thought we could start from dealing with these patterns by fixing their attention scores, which is calculated by the final layer of Model.
-- So we changed this layer, by manually assign more score to the specific types to avoid mis-classification. Though it didn't take many time, the improvement was satisfying.